copyblocks: add option to bypass duration check for no-compact blocks (#9439)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Tools

> * [ENHANCEMENT] `copyblocks`: Added `--any-no-compact-block-duration`, which defaults to `false`, to simplify targeting blocks that are not awaiting compaction. #9439

Author: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] `copyblocks`: Added `--skip-no-compact-block-duration-check`, which defaults to `false`, to simplify targeting blocks that are not awaiting compaction. #9439
```

Author: I'll merge after fixing this last shameful miss.
